i am a big fan of these ... you can find them cheap and as long as you eat them within 3 or 4 days they are moist and chewy.  normally i buy my bagels from a bagel store but if you're short on funds or want yummy snacks aorund the house to feed your friends these are a good call.  also good with cream cheese of course. 
I like to review books and an occasional dvd -----I have never reviewed a food product.  But.............after tasting an "Everything Bagel" a few days ago, I am compelled to rave about it somewhere.  It was REALLY great  --  ate half with cream cheese and half with butter.  The taste is a wonderful and delicious mix of very chewable seeds along with a crispy outer and soft inner roll.<br /><br />This was a fortunate find because sometimes breakfast can be a little boring with just toast or a muffin.  These bagels are so good, I find myself thinking about them occasionally during odd hours.  Yes, they are that good. 
Tasted like a couple of pieces of toast.  Anyone who likes bagels should stay away from these. 
These took awhile to get here but they were still good and tasted fine. Considering the price though I am not sure I would order these again since I can get them a lot cheaper in the stores. 
I normally do not like the high protein breads, but this was really good!  The texture was not rubbery and is packed full of protein that kept me full for hours! 
Wanted a high protein breakfast food and this is it.  A little bit chewy but it doesn't change the taste.  Best tasting bagel when looking for high protein food. 
I ordered these kosher bagels twice in the past month.  The first time they came within 2 days or so, and they still had that fresh bagel aroma.  They are not quite as chewy or big as the ones my Bubbe used to get in Queens, but still good.  The second time, there was a delay of about 2 days before shipping, plus 2-3 days to get to us in Tennessee.  Although they weren't stale, the flavor naturally wasn't quite as good. The bakery, Davidovich of New York, included a 7th bagel for free.  (Maybe as compensation? Anyway, thank you!)  Their enclosed card marks a location on a map in midtown Manhattan, but the package was shipped from Woodside, Queens.<br />The bagels are good enough that I may try them again.  It would be nice if they would offer some varieties other than Plain.  How about Poppy Seed, Onion, Egg, Sesame, or "Everything"?<br />Also, I urge the seller to provide better packaging for shipment around the country, perhaps a vacuum seal, since the shipping method is UPS Ground.<br />FLASH (11/5/09): The seller has now more than doubled the price of the 6 bagels, from $4.50 to $9.50, PLUS it's still $5.49 shipping -- way too expensive, in my opinion!  Maybe they intended to provide FREE shipping, which would be a $.50 reduction vs. the previous total? 
Yes, that is correct. This type of bagel sold through Amazon,  you could get in the local supermarkets in Queens, NY. , for about $5.00 a dozen. There ok , but not as good as the one's made in the bagel shops. Those made in and for the bagel shops were very special and cost around $10.00 a dozen. 
Do not order these bagels the texture is like a hamburger bun and the taste is not like a true bagel, 
These are not bagels. If you want Parker House Rolls then buy these. If you want real bagels, don't waste your money. We gave ours away they were so bad we could not eat them.  If there was a half star rating I would give that rating. 
Time - Was suppose to arrived in a few days but arrievd next day.<br /><br /> Taste - Absolutely delicious, worth to buy, and most of all stays very fresh.<br /><br />Packed - Was well packed and easy to serve.<br /><br />Bottom Line - If you're looking for fresh bagels and a easy way to get it to you house, this is your answer!<br /><br />Enjoy! 
I was very disappointed in these what you are calling bagels. .  They are NOT bagels and I will never order them again. 
Perfect Bagels, nice size, great texture. Put them in the freezer to keep them fresh longer, or pop one in the toaster for a quick fix treat. 
WOW!  This one is truly a NY bagel.  It is the best tasting bagel I have ever tried.  Excellent with cream cheese and lox! 
These come up in a search for low carb items but yet there is no nutritional data I could find anywhere.  I am not taking the chance. 
I have been eating bagles all of my life and these are the worst. they look like big rolls and taste like heavy bread.  i ate one with lox and cream chese and it sat in my tummy like a ball of lead for 2 days.  I tried to give them to my neighbors with no luck after they tasted them and made a sick face and spit it out. the worst part is very funny to other people because I ordered 8 dozen for over $80.00.  I have been buying from Amazon for years and have never sent anything back, and this is the 1st review I have written about products that I got from Amazon . I did not return them because by the time they would have received them they would have been stale and god knows what the shipping would have coat Amazon. If you buy them go fishing and you can use them a sinkers.<br />amazon.Well it pay to learn, that what my pappy used to say.  these were not purchased from Amazon. The shipper was LILLYS HOME STYLE OUT OF NEW YORK.  i WENT TO WALL MART AND GOT SOME GOOD LADNERS BAGLES SO I COULD EAT MY LOX. GOOD BUY  TWIGGY 
MM's Review:  I enjoy these bagels as one of the most delicious -ly important source of protein in my daily meal plan.  If possible, I like to have at least 2 to 3 servings per day.  These plain bagels are low in sodium, fat without adding any toppings and not too bad for the gluten- intolerant person.  One of the blueberry bagel is sweet enough by itself for a natural carbohydrate treat!  There are nutritional and life sustaining value when one has a consumable meal or snack of this yummy and worthy bread for life to satisfy one's hunger.  Thank you to the baker's of these tasty bagel's. 
Thomas' makes incredible English Muffins.  The people who designed their bagels have never had bagels.  Thomas' Bagels are Bagel shaped bread.  There is nothing bagel about it. 
I really liked the light sugar taste. not overly sugary, but a yummy cinnamon flavor and a very nice treat! taste like normal bagel chips except that they are gluten- free. Glutino does a great job here. 
These are very tasty, not too sweet, and very crunchy.  I have to hide them from the kids because they love them but they don't need to eat gluten free like me. 
All the bagels were broken, small pieces like somebody dropped them or stepped over the box. Not sure if it was from the shipping or from the manufacture but don't waste your money ordering it 
Great snack any time of the day. Good flavor and not too hard. Easy to carry anywhere. Even my granddaughter likes to eat them 
Delicious and came in relatively whole state. Maybe a broken one here and there, but since they are cinnamon and sugar bagel chips it does not matter. 
These are basically bagel chips that have the tiniest hint of cinnamon and sugar. If you look at the chips themselves you won't even see cinnamon and sugar on the coating. If you think the flavor is in the chip itself, wrong again. I won't be purchasing these again. What a let down Glutino. 
The coating falls off or it just wasn't on there enough in the first place. I wanted to be able to have the same kind of experience as snacking on cinnamon and sugar cereal, but this just has a hint of sweet and cinnamon. If I put it into dip, the flavor has to come from the dip and then why bother. I won't waste my money again. 
The product is definitely better than average.  Unfortunately after the product is shipped too much of the crackers is but crumbs.  I actually called to complain to the shipping company who very graciously sent out replacements.  I had hoped that the new batch would be more intact.  It was perhaps marginally better.  Glutino should work on the packaging as so much of their product is excellent, especially their rosemary and olive oil crackers. 
These chips taste even better than non-gluten free bagel chips.  I couldn't believe I went through a box in no time at all (Scary!).  Unfortunately, Amazon's price of this writing, six bucks a box, is beyond crazy!  The boxes aren't very big to begin with!  I paid about four bucks at my local grocery store, and I've seen them on sale for less than three, so shop around! 
I was noticing that our stores weren't always offering the plain gluten free bagel chips without dairy. I love eating these as a snack, but it is fantastic to have real croutons on my salad again. Thank goodness I can still find them at Amazon. 
Even now a days it can be difficult to find gluten free products in the local grocery stores routinely. Amazon comes through again. These are great for snacking, putting on salads. We use them in place of bread crumbs, a big hit. 
The flavor & texture is just like wheat bagel chips but too many are broken in the box to make me want to buy them other than for special occasions 8( 
they must not be completely DF, tho, cos something in there doesn't work for me... sooo sad to give them up, cos they have a Huge Crunch, great taste, just love 'em. 
Picked up a box of these and we made Chex mix with GF pretzel sticks, peanuts, rice & corn chex equal to the amount of all 3 types in the normal recipe and used LEa & Perrins worchestshire sauce which is also GF. So good my 2 yr old is trying to eat it all. Another snack food reclaimed! 
The crunchy texture is great. My son discovered my Parmesan garlic stash at home. When he heard he couldn't because it contains casein (cow's milk protein) he was very insistent. So I checked and found these. He's such a happy camper. If you have the type of person in your life living the GF CF diet, these are great in flavor and texture. Also glad I read that the package has improved so that there aren't so many crumbs. 
THESE ARE THE BEST GLUTEN FREE CRACKER/BAGEL/CHIPS EVER. THEY TASTE FANTASTIC AND YOU CAN NOT TELL THAT THEY ARE GLUTEN FREE BY THE TASTE OR TEXTURE. 
I never liked gluten free bread, but I am in love with these bagel chips. They are quite small, but very tasty. For those of us who went gluten free but miss the taste of bread-based snacks - this one is great! Not just OK, but great. But beware: they are addictive :-_ 
But the first pg I opened was mostly crumbs. I picked out the few whole chips and will use the crumbs for soup or toppings. They taste good but I hope the other 5 pgs are more chips and less crumbs. 
I've been totally Gluten Free for over five years so I'm always looking for yummy Gluten Free goodies. The Glutino Gluten Free Bagel Chips are nice and crunchy but VERY SALTY. Way too much salt for me. I'm going to buy some of my favorite Gluten Free bagels and make some bagel chips myself, probably garlic flavored, without all of that salt! 
Really great taste!  Sometimes though pkg has more crumbs than crackers and when your paying the price we pay for gluten free items I want crackers not crumbs.  It's happened to me with enough pkgs that I have to comment. 
My husband has been gluten free for several years. He likes the Glutino crackers, too, but these are his favorites. 
While most GF crackers have either a weird texture or lack flavor, these bagel chips are close to the real thing. Only problem is breakage, but the new sturdier box is an improvement. 
I usually purchase these at our neighborhood Walmart, but I wanted a decent supply for a dinner party.  I served these with hummus, and everyone loved them whether they eat GF or not!  These are great for snacks as well! 
I love these with soups and salads.  Even just plain with cheese on them the are just great yo eat. 
I have been eating these for the past year, since I became Gluten<br />intollerant.  They are wonderful !!  Unlike the Gluten free Bagels and<br />breads, they are REALLY, REALLY GOOD !!!!The only thing I don't<br />like is that there are too many broken pieces that are good for eating<br />out of the box but not for serving or spreading. 
I love the chips.....it is refreshing to get tasty gluten free products especially at the high prices GF products demand. 
These are the closest thing to "real" food I can find gluten-free so far. They taste just like regular bagel chips and are versitile.  I use them in place of chips and crackers.  Only problem I have is my local grocery does not restock them often, so I'm left ordering in bulk.  Online sites all seems to run close to Amazon's price, though here it's a dollar or so cheaper.  The grocery store is less, but they are tough for me to get. 
I am so happpppppy. I hope you have time to read this.<br />I was born in Amityville NY and can remember as a child NY bagels. I always was so glad on Saturday mornings as my Father would take me to get them. When I was 18 moved as I married an army man. We have traveled the country for 27 years and this past year finally came back to NY. We are stationed at FT. Drum. Watertown , NY. I was so happy to get back to NY for bagels. Now here's where you come in.<br /><br />I have tried bagels from Watertown, Syracuse , even went to Vermont in search of the perfect bagel. So disappointed for you've not had a bagel till you've had a NY one or so I thought. I was so disappointed in my search about to give up when I am a Amazon shopper. I found you there and said oh what the heck lets try. Thank God for your bagels I am so happy to have found real NY bagels. I will be ordering again soon as they are well worth it. You have made me very happy as they are delicious.<br /><br />Thanks again, 
There is nothing better than a real east coast bagel and these are that!  I discovered Goldberg Bagels when I recently visited Baltimore and I am so excited I can now have them delivered to Seattle.  Yummers... 
I've ordered Goldbergs bagels for daughters on the west coast.....far, far from &#34;real&#34; bagels.  They're big and fresh and a real treat.  I ordered some for myself not believing the west coast reports, and found them to be really, really great bagels.  Love the Black Russian!  I feel, even with the shipping, that the cost is well worth it for the bagel fix everyone needs now and then, when living far from the possibility of getting the real deal....these bagels are the real deal! 
Born & raised on real NY/NJ Jewish bagels for Sunday mornings&#8230;My favorite shop was on Elmora Ave Elizabeth, NJ, was closed on Saturdays for Shabbat! I continued that tradition with my daughter who moved to TX three years ago. I ordered these on Sunday to send to my daughter in Waco, TX. She'd been bugging me for a week or so and hunting NY Bagels on the internet yielded several highly rated bagel shops that ship. All were cost prohibitive due to shipping charges, not the bagels themselves. Well, you never know from a picture or user reviews (often they are written by paid reviewers who&#8217;ve never sampled the product). Well, the bagels arrived yesterday and she was thrilled. &#8220;They smell amazing&#8221;! was her first reaction&#8230;second text was, &#8220;Luke is cream cheesin my second one now. So F&#8217;n good!&#8221;&#8230;her only complaint was that she wished they were bigger. When pressed on bigger she clarified that as taller. Needless to say, the next time she gets a hankerin she&#8217;ll be ordering them herself. 
I have had these bagels and can say they are the best I've had in years. They tasted freshly baked (the shipping was fast), and took me back to memories of warm bagels with a smear from years ago. I had an assortment and my taste buds can attest they are all delicious. The only drawback is the cost of shipping...sigh...which is the reason for the 4 not 5 stars. (These are large bagels, not the puny little ones often found in major grocery stores.) 
