I considered buying these in bulk here on Amazon, then realized that i would be over paying! The very same bars are $3 for a box of 8... to get 48 bars, would would be spending $18, instead of $22+ (shipping, tax, etc). Plus, then i can choose the variety of flavors we want, not what is pre-boxed. While some of the bulk items here are a deal, many are not! 
The illusion of nutrition... The ingredients aren't all that wholesome (high fructose corn syrup and corn syrup are the first two ingredients), but these Nutrigrain bars are popular in the office.  3 grams of fat and 130 calories in a bar. 
Handy little tasty goodness for go-lunches for adults or grab something easy at home with coffee. Boxes arrived in good shape and bars are nicely moist. Expiration date is really good = middle of next year! Thanks Amazon. 
Wow - we just FLEW through a box of these things !! they are great for taking on the road, and you can avoid the junk that usually goes along with the morning coffee... 
Nutri-Grain bars are relatively healthy snack bars that can even serve as a meal replacement if your a light eater or you eat a couple of them. I really like the apple flavor, and so I am disappointed that this box breaks down into 1/3 apple and 2/3 strawberry. It would be nice if they offered a 48 pack of just the apple flavor. I do find that easting more than one of these can be a chore as they are a bit dry, so its best to have some water on hand when you eat them. I use these when I'm hungry enough to start eating something worse for me like a candy bar or other unhealthy food. They're sort of a fill in for sugar based snacks, and for that purpose, they're perfect. I keep some in my car and in my desk. They taste ok; not fantastic, but good enough. These are NOT protein or meal replacement bars, and will NOT fill you up if you eat just one. They're a snack only. If you want something more filling, check out the South Beach Diet Protein Bars. They're a lot more filling. 
These are great snacks for after school for our son.  They are also great for traveling.  Multi flavor packaging is great because lil guys like different colors than there friends or siblings. 
These are of the same high quality and taste that you would find in your local grocery store. Big advantage is that they are delivered. Don't have to drive and use up expensive gasoline! 
I like this mix but I don't like the strawberry ones too much.and you can find this pack at Bjs for cheaper as well. 
My sister hasn't been big on healthy things but she told me that she loves them im happy happy happy lol!!! have and blessed day everyone!!! 
Each bar was smaller than I expected. It was also too soft, not crunchy, however it had a good taste. 
These disappear quickly in my house. Kids love them and they're pretty low in saturated fat. With how fast we eat them up for snacks it's nice to get a big box at a time. 
These are great to keep in my office and this is a good deal that rivals the deals that I sometimes find at Sam's Club. 
I love Nutri-Grain and to be able to buy them in bulk is a bonus.  I keep most of the bars at work so when I need that afternoon snack they are their.  I also ocassionally have them for breakfast. 
These bars are edible and taste okay, but I bought them for eating in the office.  With all the crumbs that fall off (even when I eat as carefully as I can), I have to eat them over a plate or trash can, which looks ridiculous. 
when i need to reach for a  breakfast bar and being on the go this package  comes in so handy.  its good to switch things up and have different flavors and tastes. however they are all good for the system period.  got these for a  cool deal and its worth it plus they last a long time.  they taste good and are solid as a early  form of breakfast. 
Great product! Great product! Great Product! Great product! Great product! Great Product! Great product! Great product! Great Product! Great product! Great product! Great Product! Great product! Great product! Great Product! Great product! Great product! Great Product! I enjoy it a lot and I'm glad I ordered it. My friend recommended this product to me as well. So I'm glad I ordered it. It's great that's all can I please stop typing now? 
I ordered these a few months ago and they were on the free shipping with a $25 or more order. I still have 2 boxes left. Good price and great to have in the house. 
I was surprised when this box came in the mail. I think for the money this is actually a pretty good deal. Three different favors, forty-eight bars. 
Granted these traveled a long ways to get to me, but still they were unusually dry...that could have just been bad luck with that batch. 
The price for these were good.  While I personally do not eat these Nutri-Grain bars they are great vending machine products and my kids enjoys them.  While they do not have a lot of nutritional value, They are still better than candy  bars and chips.  Will purchase these again from Amazon. 
Really delicious and convenient for the working person or for kids--just put them in your lunch box, backpack or purse for a great snack during the day and they are healthy too!!! 
I have bought these for years:  for my mother-in-law in a facility, now for my granddaughter to use in her college dorm.  She doesn't always feel like or have time to go to breakfast and she loves these.  The variety box is especially nice for her. 
They arrived on time and was packaged very well. All I can say is Nutri-Grain Cereal Bars really taste great! 
These things are really tasty. Especially the strawberry flavor. They're not exactly a full meal (unless you eat a bunch of them) but they are great snacks for tiding someone over until their next meal. Or if you just need to grab something quick to eat as you're running out the door, these can't be beat. Invest in a box, you'll be glad you did. 
Love the taste and the various flavors -- each one is individually wrapped -- nice to carry along just in case u get hungry on the road. 
The bars were a little sweet, but they are really good. For someone who doesn't eat breakfast, these bars did make me feel better about getting something into my stomach at the start of my day. I would definitely purchase them again. 
These are healthy and tasty bars that come in a variety of flavors and last quite awhile because the box is so large. 
I like Nutrigrain bars! I've noticed they have gotten a bit smaller over the years. These are fresh, and they arrived in perfect shape. 
the box is too big, much more bigger than i thought. But its too sweet i can not take it. Which leads to it still there after 3 months i brought it. 
Having 3 athletic teens, we're always feeding them and their friends.  Better than chips and candy bars to ward off their munchies and cravings, we subscribe to a frequent delivery of a case of these from Amazon to get an even better price, and keep our closet stocked with bars like this instead of junk foods.  Our kids grab these in the morning on the way too school, keep them tucked in their backbacks for quick nibble-fixes during the day, and if their friends come over after school or if they have team events to go to and have a quick hunger attack.  These are handy and filling, and a great Amazon Prime value. 
These Nutri-Grain Kellogg's Cereal Bars aren't as horrible as you'd expect.  In fact they actually taste pretty good.  No, nothing will ever be able to replicate an actual bowl of cereal on a hungry Monday morning, but when you're late for work and having trouble getting the kids out the door and to the bus stop in time, you can count on a nice healthy cereal bar as a worthwhile alternative.  These are significantly more delicious than pop tarts too.  I never understood the appeal of pop tarts- whether in a toaster or eating cold, they still taste horrendous.  Cereal bars -especially these ones- are much better.  Your tastebuds will thank you... and thank me for the recommendation, haha. 
48 pack is nice, and the variety is great! A good healthy choice for snacks. Since I don't have a Sam's club membership, buying off of amazon was an excellent idea. 
I like the taste. It is not that nutritious as one would think as it has high fructose corn syrup but it is still better than eating lots of candy or chips for snack. I keep it in my office and eat it on the days when I forgot to carry a snack. 
Nothing surprising here. The product arrived on time and is what I had expected. Also, it was a good deal. 
I love these soft delicious fruit bars in the morning with my tea--this was more economical to buy in bulk--being a prime member I also had no shipping cost... 
I love these bars, especially the apple cinnamon. And buying them in bulk on Amazon.com is a great way to always have them in the house. I don't have to put them on my shopping list anymore. 
Brought these for my grandson and he loved them. They received them fast and were freash and not outdated or ready to expire. 
The products came in timely manner, fresh and packaging was in good condition. Which is important to me. 
..THEY'RE NOT BAD PER SE. I JUST PREFER THE QUAKER OATS VARIETY PAK FRUIT BARS BETTER 4 ONE SIMPLE REASON. THE CRUST OR COOKIE PORTION OF THESE BARS HAVE A GRITTY GRAINY TEXTURE THAT CRUMBLE + MAKE A MESS. THE QUAKER OATS VARIETY HAVE A TEXTURE MORE CLOSELY RESEMBLING THE SMOOTH OUTER LAYER OF FIG NEWTONS. ITS JUST A PREFERENCE THING ON MY PART. 
when i was a boy growing up in Dirtyjunk, Oklahoma I used to fantasize about fruit filled bars to shove into your mouth hole.  My wet nurse used to beat me with pool noodles and scream "get away from me. i don't know you. why are you covered in jelly?"  well, today is the day.  a day that will forever be recorded in the epic that is the history of me. kellogg, you came into my life like gypsy buttermilk and never shook my hand, but i forgive you. never look directly into the center of the nutri or it will certainly swallow your soul. 
These are great, my kids love them and so do I! I got them on sale here for about $ 13 with free prime shipping! Great Deal! Also they were fresh and within expiration 
I love these things. And I love getting a big box so that I don't have to spend $1 for each one in the vending machine at work. Good stuff. 
I loved the delivery response which was quick and my family and I enjoyed them. It was nice not having to run out to the store. 
I was happy to find a variety pack of the Nutri Grain bars.  These make a great quick breakfast or mid-afternoon snack when you're in a hurry.  I like the apple cinnamon flavor and the blueberry are pretty good too, but no one seems to be fond of the strawberry ones.  Out of a 48 count box, most of the strawberry ones are still sitting here untouched. 
I hope that Kelloggs stops trying to save $.01 cent by using High Fructose instead of sugar and gets out of bed with the US Corn Industry. 
Do not bother buying this product. It is processed food. The definition of unhealthiness, it does not fill you up at all. It makes you feel sick after wards. America does not need to be any fatter than it already is, so please go to the grocery store and buy something healthy for your kids. 
These bars were soft and not too sweet.  The blackberry center actually tasted like blackberries and not that fake, super sweet, not-real-fruit taste.  The graham crust compliments the blackberries.  The wrappers keep the bars moist so they travel well.  They are small but filling and a great snack or part of a breakfast at just 110 calories each.  I will buy these again. 
These bars are GREAT!  Very tasty. No high fructose corn syrup.  I bought them for my toddler-age sons, both of whom really liked similar bars from Gerber and NutriGrain.  I was really shocked and disappointed to learn that those bars had high fructose corn syrup, though. (Seriously? A bar specifically for BABIES has HFCS?!)  So I opted for these.  They LOVE them, and so do I.  But I get them for 2.79/box locally. Even the most expensive grocery store around has them for 3.29/box.  I'm all for convenience, but we go through way too many boxes of these for it to be worth paying an extra fifty cents or a dollar (or more - price seems to vary by flavor here) more per box. 
I love Kashi products.  I eat one of these every day.  The only complaint I have is with Amazon's price of this product and food products in general.  You can get this at local stores (you know the Red and the Blue one) for less than 3 dollars a box. 
I am not always sold on Kashi products because some just taste a little too healthy for me (even though I do like to eat healthy).  This bar is delicious however.  It is comparable to nutri grain bars but is actually good for you.  The blackberry center is so good, yum. 
