The product is excellent, but the pricing is very high in comparison to the grocery store.  (I rarely go to the store, so it was convenient, but it's unlikely that I'll buy this product on line again due to the high cost). 
Great to send to our Marines in Afghanistan. Great size to pack, do not crumble while in transit. Marines love them 
They arrived on time and in good shape. Here in Afghanistan we don't get Chipss so they were a real treat 
Pringles are great.  The packs are very small, making the packages handy bit no eco-friendly.  Chipss are arrived largely in tact, but expect some crushed Chipss in each little pack. 
We ordered these pringles because we were missing potato Chipss from the U.S. These Pringles made it to Brazil with not a lot o f crumble bits.  I'm very happy with the speedy delivery, flavor, and these Chipss will be long gone before their expiration date is even thought of (October 2010). Thank you Amazon, we will be ordering more Pringles. 
Yah, got my Pringles and 19 out of the 36 packages were smashed with a broken air seal.  The outer and inner boxes were undamaged. 
You can get the exact same thing in a 24 size at walmart.com for 5.47. Just get 3 of those instead and save yourself 15 bucks. Oh, and they let you choose flavors if you do some searching. 
It's a delicious product.  Good for a quick meal or snack on the go, especially if you're a college student. 
Purchased these for a treat in the kids lunch.  After receiving them I was afraid of the condition they would be in since they're fragile Chipss.  To my delight, they were packaged great and not broken!  Great packing and a great product! 
I tried to pack these as school snacks for my kids.  They sort of OD'd so they lost interest before the box was finished. 
My school kids loved the snack stacks. This was for a fundraiser and it worked well. They were gone very quickly! 
I just had a baby and am having trouble getting snacks together and food, but I don't have anybody nearby to help.  My sister sent me this, along with a bunch of other snacks, and it was such a good idea.  Easy and delicious! 
I was disappointed that the Chipss were pretty crumbled.  Must be too much mishandling in the shipping process.  Will not buy these again. 
The Chipss were broken up in the cups. So never ate a whole Chips. Very salty. I will not buy again. 
Good deal. Way cheaper than byung them in the smaller packs at the store. And you get single servings so I don't eat the whole can. 
well we love pringles but I was kind of mistaken thinking they wouldn't be smashed to pieces. Still liked the crumbs. 
Yes, it's very bad for us, however, it's such a great little snack for special occasions.  I bought a case of these for the twins' birthday party, and they were a huge hit with kids and adults!  They will now be a kid party stable at our house. 
The potato Chipss arrived and were fresh when opened. Unfortunately every package had more broken Chipss than whole.  Several packages only had 2 Chipss that weren't broken. 
gave these out for trick or treaters they all seem to like them 1even said better than chochlate, I guess the kids today are getting wiser 
These were really good so I had to purchase them again. Great product and I'm glad I did. Good choice. 
These are always good tasting but I especially like getting them in the snack sizes because it keeps me from eating too many of them at once. The problem with getting them shipped is that most of the Chipss came broken into pieces. 
DURING MY days in NATTC( NAVAL AVIATION SCHOOL) i needed some snack and this thing is wonderful. cheap but come with alot of Chipss and last me a long time..very good 
A very perfect size and very flavorful.  I take one with me to work to eat with my lunch every day 
The only problem I had was some the Chipss were broken in quiet a few of the cups. But the Chipss were fresh. 
Wonderful little containers of yummy snacks are a fun way to say hello to your kid in camp.  The case size has enough to share with the entire bunk. 
Pringles and a long car ride just go together like two peas in a pod. The only thing is about the variety pack that was the a problem is that I should have bought two packs instead of just one. 
We loved these Chipss.  The thing that upset me was this was on the bottom of the package with no protection.  The airbags near it were flat.  The whole row and over half the other the Chipss were busted up.  Amazon corrected the situation.  The Chipss we were able to eat were fresh and tasty,. 
Love the fact that you can snack on smaller portions and don't have to open large containers.  Great for kids lunch boxes. 
Nice, convenient little pouches of Pringles Chipss in three different favors. Original, cheese, and sour cream. My kids enjoy these as a snack, and I like them to throw in my lunch box for work. 
I gave it this rating because my children loved the variety.  I liked it very much.  Yes, I will recommend the product.  it was a good price, it arrived on time 
Fast shipping. Great price. Love the product and recipient loved it even more definitely reccomend this product based on quality and price 
My granddaughter comes over every Friday, of often with a friend or 2. They are 12 year olds, and are always hungry; this package kept them happy for a month 
It is a giant box of multi-flavored Pringles potato Chipss.  What more could you ask for?  They arrived in excellent condition and were delicious. 
I love these little single pack's of  Pringles  ,the difference flavors is a plus. I have also bought  Betty Crocker  variety pack fruit .The price is very reasonable and it's nice to have free shipping with Amazon. When my kid's and Grandchildren  stop by it's nice to have on hand,they expect me to have something all the time now and Thanks to Amazon I do. 
the order arrived before estimated and were perfect. the flavors were real good and definitely  fresh upon arrival . i will definitely buy this again 
It is exactly what is advertised.  We use them in school as incentive for the students, and they loved them. 
My nieces love the individual containers and so do I.  Less waste and they can take them with them without a mess. 
All 4 of these food products were ordered at the same time and we were very happy with all of them.  This has the added advantage of taking up much less room in the pantry than the individual bags of Chipss. 
These were sent to my son in a care package . He has moved out on his own to another state so this was my way of helping him out with some groceries. 
When i got this product. I happy to see  that that the item was in good shape. I use it for work and for lunch 
i just got my item and i love it i will be getting some more from this company you have to try it 
Gave as gifts so I dont know what they are like inside but I heard a lot of crumbs rattling.  The package arrived without damage so dont know why it sounds like crumbs. 
My son at college loves these as a surprise... small, he can throw them into his backpack and have them as a snack while in the library or between classes... 
yeah I was very skeptical when I first purchased these potato Chipss however when I ate the can AFTER I washed my hands yesterday but anywas theskG OGOOD $%3-= 
These are Great. If you don't want to give the kids to much. Just give them one or two Snack Stacks Packs and send them on their way. You won't have to worry about them eating to much because you control how much they will be getting. 
The Chipss are great, & the size is perfect for my work lunches. The price here is a little steep. I get mine at either wal mart or meijers. I can pick whatever flavors I like also. 
Love potato Chipss but I can't stand the fact that they can go stale so fast once they've been open.  I used to have packages on top of the refrigerator with 2 handfuls of Chipss in them even though they had been resealed, clipped and re-clipped.  We had seen the 6 pack of regular Pringles in the store and started purchasing them.  Couldn't find the assorted flavors until I went to Amazon (in this day and age of gas prices, I go there quite often rather than drive around to many stores).  Love the assorted packs, Thank you Amazon. 
I love buying all snacks size packs.  After schools kids are hungry and these are easy for them to grab and not fill up on.  The price is just as good as the warehouse prices. 
I always loved Pringles, but I could finish a can in a very short time. When I saw these individualized packs, I was excited. Even better was that they came in a variety pack. There are regular, cheddar cheese, and sour cream and onion. My friend was so pleased with the product that he wanted a package for himself. I am on my second box and I am thrilled! They come 36 in a box so they last a good long time. I highly recommend them. 
To me this is an excellent value........I am a piggy when it comes to Chipss and packaged in the individual packs is perfect.  Makes one stop & think before devouring the whole carton.  One pack or two at a time.....perfect. 
