From the photo, I expected Honey Nut Cheerios, and by George that's just what I got.  It tasted just like what I'd expect Honey Nut Cheerios to taste like.  Note that unlike the box illustration, the bowl does not emit God-rays, and no honey-dripper or oversized bee is included. 
I thought I was saving money until my wife told me I spent twice as much as she spends at Sams for the larger size box. 
I love getting this four pack every other month. The price you lock in at often beats what you can buy this for at the grocery store or places like Costco. 
Cheerios, flavored with honey and unidentified nuts.  The packaging does report that each box contains multiple servings, but we all know that is a dirty lie.  A serving of Cheerios is one box. 
I initially signed up for the honey nut cheerios for a great price ... that worked for the first couple of orders.  Then, without notice, the price almost doubled..  I would say be careful on these ... I think that is how they 'get you' ... they reel you in on a super price where you think you are getting a deal and then they raise the price to considerably more than you would even pay at the store. 
healthy & goes a long way with our family especially with our teen age son who loves eating it with lactose free milk 
This is a S&S item for us.  Not only is it good for breakfast as it arrives but it mixes well with yogurt, to make my own granola bars, and right out of the bag as a snack.  My birdies love it also, I put it on a string and run it around and through the bars of their cage and they love eating it that way. 
My kids love a sweet cereal, but I feel guilty giving them sweet cereals much, because I worry that they have too much sugar. This is a great compromise. Healthy whole grains, with sweetness, but not TOO much sugar. 
We have these shipped monthly, a our 3 year old loves cereal. It's great bc it's doesn't have a lot of the junk some of the other kid cereals do. And having it shipped means less time in the grocery store!! 
Product came just as ordered, it is a 4 pack of Honey Nut Cheerios. It is delicious, what more could i want? The expiration date was nowhere near something to be concerned about. 
Just like the Cheerios you ate as a child but these are already lightly sweetened. No need to get mad because your sugar fell off your spoon of cereal. Sweet milk is nice as a kid but I truthfully wouldn't drink/spoon it up now like I did then. 
I eat Cheerios almost every day for breakfast.  I found that three boxes last a long time for one person.  Because of the quantity, I can't enjoy subscribe and save.  When I have finished the current order, I might try subscribe and save if you accept every four or five months pattern.  I only wish I could subscribe and save for milk deliveries. (-;  I miss having a milkman as my mother did when I was a child. 
What can I say about this...absolute classic with a honey taste...can't beat that!  Heart healthy and fairly low calorie too...I am stocking up 
I'm a Honey Nut Cheerios fan. I gave it a break and tried another cereal and it was ok, but I just had to come back to my Honey Nut Cheerios. The seller did great and I received them on time. Go ahead and buy it. 
I love Honey Nut Cherrios.  They provide me with that sweet fix in the morning and are still somewhat healthy for me.  This was a great deal from Amazon and I will continue to buy it when it is offerred for this amazing price.  Unfortunately it increased almost immediately after I bought it so I discontinued my subscription. 
I eat Cheerios all the time. Glad to get enough so as not to run out. Whenever my grandkids come over it is a great snack too. 
I love Cherrios.Honey Nut. These Cheerios do not need any sweeteners. They are good just with milk only. This a great breakfast cereal. 
When i went to my grocery store ( giant ) i could not believe the price for one box of honey nut cheerios, so when i went home i went online to amazon.com and found a great deal on cheerios and this is my place to buy cereal from now on. 
Great buy no taxes or shipping. Cheaper than the local grocery store. Everything arrived intact and its fresh and taste great . I would recommend this product to anyone. 
Love the cereal and the price on Amazon is pretty good! I signed up for 'Subscribe and Save' so I don't have to worry about ordering this each time. Definitely worth it! 
I used to buy this thinking it was a healthy choice for my children. then I learned about GMOs and found out that it is making them sick.no longer buy any of this companies products. 
I am 5 months pregnant and have been craving these Honey Nut Cheerios for breakfast everyday for the last two months. i cannot get enough of them, plus my husband and 10 year old daughter love them. The family size box often times is on sale for a really reasonable price and come with EXTRA BOX TOPS. The last family size box that I bought came with 4 BOX TOPS FOR EDUCATION 
We all love honey nut cheerios in this household...I was very happy to find them on your site...crunch ...crunch .They start my day 
I like honey nut cheerios. These arrived in good condition and were gone fast since everyone here loves them. The price ws reasonable too 
If you were wondering, in my pack of 4 I got 2 with promotional toys in them and 2 without promotional toys on them. So your box of four could have a variety of box designs, but they'll all be the same size. I never thought they'd put promotional boxes online but they do. 
I have been a big fan lately of ordering household staples straight to the door, beacause that means that they arrive, slowly over time and you can put them away and see what you have. Instead of once a week or every other week going grocery shopping, and lugging tons of stuff and putting a mountain of supplies and food away all at once. I guess I am just easily overwhelmed, but this is a great way to get 4 packs of cereal, which are the same as the ones in the grocery store, right down to the generic &#34;toy in every box!!&#34; 
Getting these through Amazon was cheaper than going to the grocery store and with Prime shipping, more convenient, too.  Who can honestly say anything bad about Honey Nut Cheerios?  They are my go-to snack food.  And I like to think I'm even being somewhat healthy as I clear half a box in one sitting... 
I love Honey Nut Cheerios, so I'm not sure what else to say about them.  Very tasty and the 4 pack is a good price. 
you really don't need to add sweetener. HNCs are, IMO, superior to corn flakes due to their ability to last soaking in milk in a crunchy state before they get soggy. I particularly like to mix them in a bowl w/ 1 or 2 other kinds of serial, for that reason and their built-in 'sweet state.' Their only noticeable lack is that they do not carry a high fiber content w/ them, kind of a filler food which I wish added just a touch more, than they take up inside of you. 
My husband eats cereal every morning. He loves Cheerios since they have a good flavor and he does not need to add sugar. The packaging was great and the price is better than anything we can get locally. 
deal and great cereal.  one of the best!  I got these on subscribe and save and it was a good deal. 
How to improve  on an already good product?  Just look at Honey Nut Cheerios and you'll see how it's done.  I was a devoted &#34;plain&#34; Cheerios consumer and one day decided just to try the Honey Nut variety out of curiosity.  Now it's the first choice for me if I don't want to have hot oatmeal. I have cereal -- hot or cold -- for breakfast most mornings  and I really enjoy starting my day with Honey Nut Cheerios.  Heart healthy and tasty -- can't ask for more from a breakfast cereal can you? 
This was great value for a great item. My son loves this product and this offer was too good to miss 
Got the subscription as a lark so my granddaughter gets a box of four of her favorite cereal each month. 
Honey nut Cheerios to your doorstep, what could be better.  The arrived fresh and ready to enjoy for a great breakfast. 
My granddaughter and little cousin likes this cereal. It is great evening snack. I send them boxed home. Great price. 
I love having the option to subscribe and save. I never run out and the price is so much cheaper than where I normally buy my groceries. Total win-win! 
I love cereal and it's my go to snack many days.  As a kid, I dumped tablespoons of sugar on my cereal but quit years ago...this cereal is good as is. 
Honey Nut Cheerios are a routine breakfast option in our household. We think the taste and nutritional value are great. The subscribe and save beats our local grocery store. Shipping speed and packaging were great. 
We have been eating this cereal for quite some time and when I noticed it on Amazon I thought I might get a great deal. Had to pass up ordering as the price at the local grocery stores is less. Sorry Amazon---this is one of the few items I have not immediately ordered from Amazon when our supply was diminished.This is a very good cereal product and we love it. 
These are Honey Nut Cheerios and if you like these, then you like them.  If you don't then you don't.  So why would you order these?  Well... they come packaged as four individually packaged boxes.  Okay, so that is the best I can come up with other than the price here was really good. 
Really love the honey flavor, got the 4 pack so hope they last for more than 2-3 weeks, as these go fast around here 
my kids love this stuff and i can't see to make it last longer than 1 month; they have it for breakfast when we are in a hurry; they have it for snacks; 
Taste great and fresh , straight from the factory it seems , right out the box ready to go yummy good stuff !! 
We love being able to get this in the Amazon subscribe and save.  Goes very well with fruit and almond milk. 
Who doesn't love hone nut Cheerios? They are a staple in our house. We love the subscribe and see discount as well. 
This was one of my favorites growing up.  The boxes, however, are much too small.  It gives about 4 servings.  Wish they offered larger sizes. 
My kids love Honey Nut Cheerios and we go through several boxes a week. This was a great deal for us since Amazon had a coupon on it. 
I enjoyed eating cereal. Healthy food choice for morning and the flavor is good as well. Will buy again. Thanks! 
My entire family loves this flavor.  The price is comparable to my local grocery store when bought on a Subscribe and Save plan. 
