I was very pleased with the product. The fruit was well ripened and semi-dried to provide a delicious alternative to sugary snacks. My emphasis and reason for buying the product was to give my family the nutrient value of the fruit at a time when fresh fr
I LOVE THAT THEY ARE NOT THE HARD DRIED FRUIT BUT ARE A SOFT, SEMI-DRIED FRUIT, VERY GOOD, GOOD PRICE, FAST DELIVERY. I DO WISH THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN A LITTLE MORE OF THE PEARS AND PEACHS, BUT STILL GREAT PRODUCT.
My daughter loves this variety of dried fruit and I enjoy snacking on it as well. There is always the issue of one fruit being much more prevalent in the bags than all the rest (usually prunes) but it's still a good value. The only reason I'm not going 5 
The fruit has either no taste (apples & plums) or rancid taste (pears & apricots). It was a total waste of money. I like sundried or dried fruit but this was such an unpleasant experience that I will think twice about venturing out & trying any different 
dunno if i got a bad batch or if it was old, but the fruit was mushy and rotten tasting. Smelled really bad too. threw it away as soon as i tried a bite. not happy with purchase.
It is difficult to find dried fruit that isn't candied, so this is a great buy. The price is comparable to any dried fruit, and it was delivered 3 days after i ordered. The selection of fruit is nice, and it's quite tasty. :o)
My husband and I have tried in vain to find dried fruit as good as that produced in the Middle East, without having to drive to an international market in a larger city. Finding this product online has been fortuitous. Even our grandchildren, whose parent
I add dried fruit to my homemade trail mix. This is the best mixed fruit I've found; it's healthy and delicious.
Fresh tasty and good for you. Recommend this purchase. Have tried other brands and this is one of the better ones.Very fresh.
The fruits were tasty and I enjoyed eating them, but I found that the mix was not as expected. There were a lot of apricots and I really wanted other kinds of dried fruit, as the label implied. I will not be buying this again. I bought this dried fruit be
This was my first experience with "sun-ripened" fruit, so I'm not sure if it's really all that bad or if I just don't like it. I thought it was disgusting, and it all kind of tasted the same.
No added sweeteners of any kind. Sometimes the "no added sugar" means they've added other things. But these were truly no nothing added. And they tasted great - like real fruit instead of like sugar or flavorings. Everyone, from 2 - 72 loved them.
This sounded so good. Turns out to be terrible. It was very damp and slimy. Had a very odd smell. Expensive garbage!.
Great snack. BY FAR the best dried fruit I have ever tasted--clean fruity taste but not too sweet. Well worth the price
It's hard to find dried fruit with no sugar added. The shopping took a little longer than planned but I love the dried fruit!!
These are the best kid [ and adult ] snacks ever!!! I put them in my food save to vacuum pack in smaller pkgs. for easy access and snacking. I cant keep my grand kids out of them. They are healthy, sugar free and delicious. My main problem is, we eat the 
Mariani Sun Ripened Fruit No Sugar Added is the best dried fruit products on the market that I have found.
I like most of the fruit in this package. I am not sure about sugar content of some of items in there, like turkish apricots
Easy open and close package (great for those of us with arthritis). Fruit is moist, chewy, and full of flavor without the cloying sweetness usually found in dried fruit. This is a winner!
I have ordered this product twice and I have enjoyed it a lot. Good flavor, good fruit variety, good quality!
My bag was really good. This is a nice collection of dried fruit. I especially like the peaches. After tasting a few, I put them in the fridge because I like them cold. Very nice.
This went very fast at our house. I would have preferred a little more roughness to the fruit - this was extremely soft.
I am a fan of dried fruit and this bag has provided a great sampling all in one bag! It is a little pricey though.
These dried fruit are really nice and soft. They are a good mix of fruit. Since they are so soft, they are really easy to chew. We buy them for an older gentleman who has dentures and finds that some of the other dried fruit are hard to chew. He has no pr
Wide variety of moist, delicious fruit, and with a Prime Membership, only $14.95, which only comes out to $6.64 a pound, which is a much, much better deal than buying this fruit at the supermarket (you can't get this kind of package at the supermarket, ei
Just got these and I can't stop eating them. Every bag is random on what ratios of fruit you get - I adore prunes but most of my bag was peaches and apricots. Haven't found any apple yet but did pull a couple pears out - I don't like pears but evidently I
i dont know what was in these I have bought these before in the store and there wasn't the aftertaste or smell that these had. unfortunately for me, bought quite a few in this order
I am not sure what people are complaining about. These are great. They are very moist and very tasty. The label does say they comes from various places which makes sense. To provide fruit year round one has to do this. The only down side is I can't find t
Even rinsing in water doesn't get rid of the chemical tongue sting from apple pieces. It wouldn't hurt Mariani to look for other ways to preserve their products, marinating in sugar being one way that comes to mind. I mean, this is a question of once boug
I am fond of each item in here but I came very close to tossing these after my first handful. Absolutely horrid; cheaper @ Costco if you must.
I haven't opened this yet but I love that there is no sugar added, that seems to be impossible to find in dried fruit which is stupid to me. I received it quickly and it's a nice big bag, I would buy this again I am sure. I have no doubt the fruit is deli
I never got this item. I would have liked it! I hope I didn't pay for it! Now, I will have to look....
To be completely and 100% fair, I have tried this product before and enjoyed it. The only part that concerns me is that this product is manufactured in China, with no information on the sources of the fruits. On their website they say they "source fresh f
It is marked as a 24 count on the web page, but when I recieved my order the box is only a 12 count.... makes the variety twice the cost as the individual flavors. I love the product, just think Amazon should take the 24 count expectation off if they are 
Every variety I have tried has been flavorful. There are no funny after tastes like with some other products. I would highly recomend. Great individual serving sizes which helps for 'good for you' snacking and portion size.
I was so excited to get these. I figure they would taste along the lines of the dehydrated strawberries you find in cereal. I was completely wrong. When I opened the package it smell terrible and tasted even worse. It didn't even taste like strawberries.
Did a lot of research on these, but just can't get past the fact that it is all grown in China. That is enough for me. Do your research on the mass pollution they have there and how it ends up in the dirt. MUCH more than the US. No way is my little girl g
My children and I have had the Strawberry Banana Crisps and have loved them. But after a while they started to pick out just the strawberry pieces. So when I saw they had a plain strawberry option here I was thrilled. When they arrived I was shocked to fi
I'm a big fan of Brothers fruit crisps. I've gotten the multi pack at Costco before and love all of those flavors (apple, pear, strawberry/banana). The peach are very bland and taste more like cardboard than peaches. My suggestion is to stick with Brother
I buy these for my 22 month old son. He LOVES them however they are extremely messy. Everything turns red, so be prepared!
Any country that repeatedly has safety warnings on nearly everything produced should not be exporting food. Additionally a country that has millions upon millions of people starving, should not be exporting food. Shame on this company for finding the lowe
I was excited to try this product. But the strawberries were very sour compaired to the rest of the fruit. Dissapointed.
My daughter loves this product and often purchases it from a local specialty market. But they are very pricey and this seemed a better way to purchase them. But what we got was something that looked the same, but the product inside was much different. The
Bought this product without noticing it was MADE IN CHINA. For goodness sakes, why import an all-natural fruit snack from a country with a history of contamination of their food products for people and animals? I have no faith at all that these are as the
OK, so I didn't know these were from China when I bought them and I really wish they weren't. It's given me pause and I have yet to buy more. That being said, they are DELICIOUS and I will most likely purchase again.
Another dried fruit that I bought from Amazon was out of stock, so I bought these. My grandson loves them (he's 19 months). My daughter likes them because they are big pieces. The others were small and left crumbs in the tray of his stroller. We will be b
These aren't crunchy like potato chips but they are crispy. I have had other brands and they tend to be more chewy which wasn't what I wanted. These aren't chewy at all which is much better IMO. All of the flavors taste great.
Our 3 yr. old enjoyed eating all of the flavors. They are a great on the go snack for in the car. They weren't sticky.
These are wonderful snacks for our paleo children on trips. We've taken them in the car and also airport for snacks along with some turkey jerkey!
Used to be better quality 2 years ago. Still like them, but do not know if they are worth the expense. May go to local heath food store and see what they offer in their dehydrated bulk foods. Still better than brand names, these have no added oils and sug
