Really moist and delicious and convenient--a simply great and easy way to start you day and kids will love them too!
The flavors are the best. The two pack is easy to eat from. Not that boring at all to look at.
Just wish there was more banana nut muffins - they are the best of the bunch. Will probably order again
These muffins were very moist and stayed that way until opened. After several weeks, they were still moist and fresh. They are a little small, but there are two in a package. The only problem is that they tend to stick to the paper cups a little, but this is not enough of a problem to keep me from buying more.
These muffins were very fresh and arrived on time as all of my Amazon purchases do. They were extremely moist and quite delicious. I was so glad to find them online since I've only seen them at Sam's Club. I only wish there were more banana nut muffins as opposed to blueberries.
These are my favorite muffins now. They are so moist and good, I just got hooked on them right away.If you love muffins. You will love these.
Extremely Good and very Mouth Watering to the actual taste. Also tectured Very Nicely To the Touch and Feel
Love the Otis Spunkmeyer Muffins! You can actually freeze them if you don't eat them right away and when unfrozen they are still just as fresh and taste just as good
Funny after taste...not impressed at all. Besides, the price here was 3x more expensive than the price at other physical stores.
Absolutely delectable! I don't need them, but I think I can treat myself from time to time. And, I will. :-)
They weren't bad but some got crushed in the mail nobody wants pancake muffins but ya wouldn't do it again
Most of the chocolate ones I received had mold on them, which made me not really want to eat the others. Disappointed with purchase. The brand is good - but I would play it safe and get them fromt he grocery store instead.
Quick and tasty! Item arrived fast and fresh. Would order again! Love the variety pack. Sent to college with daughter.
Delicious the best muffins ever will highly recommend them and buy them again. My kids love them there favorite is the chocolate one my favorite is the blueberry.
A little pricey, but very delicious and worth that price! I love having the Banana Nut in the morning before I go to work its the best!
they arrived on time they were fresh its just all good know problems will order again and again i loved them going to order soon.
I have been using this product for about 3 years now. When I was on Weight Watchers I would use no-fat egg substitute instead of eggs and apple sauce instead of oil, and each muffin would only be 2 points. And They.Are.Yummy. Now that I'm off WW, I still make them the same way because they taste just as good, and who needs the extra fat. I also like them because of the fiber and that's all I'll say about that. I used to get them at a warehouse store (3 packs), but that store stopped selling them. They are not cheap in the regular grocery store, so a friend recommended I see if they sell them through Amazon's subscription service and they did! Still not as cheap as they used to be at the warehouse store, BUT with the free shipping, they are much cheaper than going out the store and buying them. I eat two muffins a day, every day. LOVE them.
These muffins are awesome!! I thought that they would be just okay which I would have been fine with since I need healthy snacks but they blew me away. The taste is amazing (better than any other mix I have ever made). I did use applesauce instead of oil and used egg whites instead of whole eggs. I only baked them until toothpick came out clean *for me that was 15 minutes. The tops weren't brown at the point but that is okay since I like to reheat muffins in the toaster oven which browns them up nicely. I personally do not like huge blueberries in my muffins so I was happy to see that they are little pieces. I am going to do subscribe & save now since I know I will be eating a LOT of these yummy treats. The banana ones are okay but you can definitely taste the "healthy" aspect to them. The blueberry ones do not have that healthy taste :)
Fiber One also makes a pre-made, frozen version of these that Sam's Club carried on a limited run. After becoming addicted to these I searched high and low and found this mix on Amazon. They are terrific! High in fiber and low fat while still moist and delicious :) Just make sure not to eat the whole box at once...like I'm apt to do if I make the whole batch!
These taste as good as they are for you. My children actually love these and they can be quite picky eaters.
These are yummy and delicious. The secret to making them the best is to add your own blueberries. You then get a delicious muffin that is easy to make with the taste of blueberries and high in fiber, low in fat. I checked the nutritional labeling on the package and do not see any transfat, so the reviewer that said that is not correct.
Found this product when I started Weight Watchers program. They are low fat, high fiber, and very tasty. I am now at my goal but continue to eat them just because they are delicious and help me to stay at my goal.
My family uses Amazon's fabulous Subscribe & Save program. We alternate buying the Fiber One Blueberry Muffin Mix and the Fiber One Banana Nut Muffin Mix monthly. The muffins are delicious!
What is there to say, it's muffin mix. For some reason unable to find in local stores anymore, glad to find it on Amazon. I use the low cholesterol instructions on side of box, they always come out good.
to start each day is with two fresh, delicious Blueberry muffins and a hot cup of 1/2 and 1/2 coffee!
We have been baking and eating these muffins for quite some time and really like them. We freeze some and they are available as needed.
I'm totally impressed. Great flavor, not gritty. I used the low fat directions, unsweetened applesauce and egg whites. Most excellant
These were really good as packaged, but when I added some extra Maine Blueberries they were great! Use paper muffin cups for the best results.
Who doesn't like muffins? Who doesn't like moist, tasty blueberry muffins that are easy to make? No one, ever. Ask about fiber and you will get a blank stare. Just don't ask. Make these and your family will add fiber to their diets willingly. And ask for more.
I was buying this at the local store and they no longer carry it. Good stuff. Tasty and lots of fiber (ok, I'm old. I need a lot of fiber!) lol
Best muffin mix on the market in my opinion. Plus the added benefit of fiber. Easy prep and great taste. How much better could it be???
My husband used to stop at Dunkin Donuts for a muffin in the morning. He really likes these so now I make them for him so he can grab one on the way out the door. He also takes them to work to share with his work colleagues.
I absolutely love these...low fat high fiber. I do add a handful of blueberries as it is difficulte to get an authentic blueberry muffin taste from a box. But it's no bother they are just that good...YUM!
My main requirement for blueberry muffins is real blueberries. But there's none to be found in this mix! I don't want anything artificial in something I cook, thank you. It's fine to have fake blueberries in something already-prepared, but if I actually have to get out bowls and muffin pans to cook, I need real ingredients and nutrition to justify my time!!
I didn't check the calories, the ingredients, or any other wasteful measurement. My checklist included: Is it muffin mix? CHECK. Easy to make? CHECK. Taste delicious? CHECK, CHECK, mmmCHECK. Say they have something healthy on the box? CHECK. Boom, man food checklist done. Also, could have been a mistake, but I originally thought I ordered a 6-pack, but the receipt and packing list said 4-pack...but I got 6 boxes. Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat? AWESOME!!
Based on the high ratings, I thought I would give these a shot. Wow! Who knew blue SweetTarts were passing for "dried blueberries" these days. And what's with the partially hydroginated oil? Come on, Betty Crocker. True, they don't taste horrible. But since it takes only 5 minutes to whip up a batter for real, high-fiber muffins (with no trans fats!) this product seems a waste of time.
No blueberries to be found, they use blueberry concentrate to create a skittle like nodule. Not any blueberry flavor.
These are the BEST blueberry muffins (mix) I've come across so far. I really like that they are much lower in calories than other muffins, and the blueberries are actually good (I hate blueberries).
these are the best muffin mix I've found. My kids adore them (I make mini muffins) and they're actually pretty decent in terms of ingredients (not a lot of preservatives or unhealthy junk).
Not only are these quick and easy to make, but they are delicious! They taste like donuts or something. I still can't believe they're fat free. Great for breakfast.
These taste like regular blueberry muffins and do not taste fat free at all. My husband & I love them.
A favorite Amazon purchase. Make these all the time. I like to add two tablespoons of flax seed and 2 tsp. of grated lemon rind which i crumble by hand into a tablespoon ( more or less to taste depending on the amount of rind used) of sugar. I also add the drained blueberries to the dry mix before adding the water. The less stirring after the water is added the more tender the muffin.
Makes great muffins, alas a bit on the sweet side. Super easy and fast to prepare, just mix it all up and bake. Will buy again.
I have to watch my fat intake but I like baked goods. This is the perfect answer. It is good quality and good taste and very easy to make.
These were a perfect treat for my daughter whose medical condition requires extreme low fat. I was surprised that they tasted so good!
Tasty and simple, everyone loves a bite, so I highly recommend. Quick and easy and makes the house or office smell great. This price including shipping beats all local markets. Try other flavors, especially the cinnamon. I will buy again. I hope this helps someone.
I have been so pleased with my Simple Mills purchase!! Every single member of my family of 4 , ranging from 10-35 yrs old and from picky to pickier, loved these muffins! Great job, Simple Mills, we will be back!
So great to find a gluten free product that is low glycemic! These mixes make eating gluten free healthy and easy. Bonus- the kids love them too!
These muffins far exceeded my expectations. They are incredibly easy to make and they are absolutely delicious! They turn out perfect every time and are just wonderful. It is priceless to have a mix that is as high in quality ingredients as this one. I will be a repeat buyer. Definitely.
Amazing muffins, you won't believe they are made with almond flour since they are fluffy and soft. Very yummy. I just wish more mix was included. Each packet makes exactly 9 cupcake sized muffins.
