This is a good way to start the day and this box will keep you going for almost two months. Just add hot water and you're set. It's quick and easy to prepare and very filling. Plus, the variety pack will keep things interesting.
I like the large variety of oatmeal but less that a week after purchasing this on Amazon (with Amazon Prime) for $18.59 on March 20th, I went to Costco and found the same exact product for $9.39. Save your money and buy it somewhere else.
I needed some more oatmeal for breakfast and this hit the spot. I myself need more than just one packet and will typically use a plain and another flavor to use up the plain oatmeal. I don't know anyone that wants to eat plain oatmeal but that is my solution for the packs rather than throwing them away. Several people complain of the price but not having to deal with going to the store for it and the taxes of it more than makes up for any differences.
When I ordered this product there were many more flavors listed such as "cinnamon roll" & "banana bread"....so this is why I ordered. When it came in the mail it only had 4 flavors. Cinnamon & Spice, Apples/Cinnamon, Maple Brown Sugar, & original. I won't be purchasing this again on Amazon.
What is pictured and what you recieve is not the same! The picture when I ordered had 6 or 7 different flavors pictured, one being banana, which is the main reason I ordered and I recieved only original flavors. I will not recommend this seller and will never order from them again!
False advertisement here. The variety I received is not what I ordered. If you are out of a particular variety don't send a replacement unless you have contacted the customer for approval. I don't think I would order a bulk variety again. I'll order the individual flavors instead.
I have been using this sort of product for decades and love the Quaker brand especially. I have used them back packing, as emergency foods at work, or simply for a routine breakfast fare. One package is usually enough for me.
Was cheap when I got it, and I love that I can have a few months worth in a convenient large box. Best part? NO PEACHES flavor to have to avoid - yay!!
If they removed the plain unflavored oatmeal, I would give it 5 stars. Between me (cinnamon and spice & maple) and my 4 year old grandson (every other flavor), we take care of all flavors but the plain unflavored.
Cant go wrong with this so when our jiu jitsu school did a food drive, specifically asking for oatmeal for kids who need breakfasts this is what we bought. GREAT that we could buy it in bulk. GREAT that it was delivered so fast - Thank you :)
I got these for my mother too have for her diabetes this can help her blood sugar very healthy be blessed everyone!!!
I can summarize the new recipe version in one word -- disgusting! The new formula for the Maple and Brown Sugar flavor tasted like oatmeal mixed with cheap, off-brand frosting or marshmellow flavoring. I had originally thought mine was just bad in some way, but then I confirmed the product image clearly showed on the box "Classic Recipe" (upper left corner of box), but that is not what Hutshop gave Amazon to distribute. Although Amazon has a no return policy on most food items, they did process a refund because they were not shipping out what was shown.
While living here in the hell that is Afghanistan where our senior military leaders see fit to eliminate one meal, (breakfast) this fills the void
Amazing price compared to the grocery store and a great multi-pack mix. I like adding raisins and dried cranberries to mine, makes a great healthy breakfast. No surprises in this one, we all know what Quaker Oats are.
Those little packets are wonderful for a quick low calorie weekday breakfast. My favorites are the cinnamon&spice, raisin&spice, and the apple. They are so easy to make and I usually have them after my exercise. With the exception of the warehouse stores (Sam's, Costco) it is extremely rare to see the 52 packet boxes.
Good product, but this price is beyond stupid. It wouldn't cost this much if you bought 6 boxes of the 10 pack at walmart.
Item received in good condition and is fresh - convenient packaged meal, taste good and would recommend for purchase. Try it!
Bought this and other items to ship to my daughter in Hawaii. She is attending college over there and she needed groceries. Amazon gave me the flexibility to ship all these groceries for free and right to her dorm. What would have taken her 5-8 trips on the bus to get, it took only a few days to receive it all. Thank you Amazon for your great selection on groceries. Time saver.
I have used Quaker Instant Oatmeal before and knew about the quality. The variety of flavors is great, always delicious and always comes out right. The instructions are simple, easily understood. Not least is the fact that this is Oatmeal made from oats which is very healthy for people. One of the best grains to consume. I would highly recommend this product.
This just gives you a great selection of tastes and a nice way to warm up when you come in
Not as presented flavors need to return how to get credit please advise as soon as possible as of now
Love this product. Four flavors so you can alternate when you're feeling tired of one flavor. Great deal as well.
oatmeal is a great breakfast as well as snack as a pleasant alternative to candy or junk food. Thank you amazon for the good price and convenience of home delivery! I keep this at work as well as at home to help avoid tempation.
This is a big improvement on earlier "instant" oatmeal varieties. I and my puppy are enjoying it. I love it with my Stash teas in th morning or for a snack at night. It's a sleep promoting food.
Makes you feel like a kid ! And it's good for you too! Great deal and good selection great buy!
Oat is my favorite kind of breakfast and having a varity is excellent. I will be definately buying this again.
My favorite packet oat meal. Tastes good and fills me up. Easy enough to make so I don't miss breakfast. Since, regular flavored oat meal is not my preference I really like that they only include 5 of those in the box.
Looking for a great tasting oatmeal that you will enjoy any time on the day? Well... This is what you've been searching for. Come try it out and see for yourself.
Excellent bargain and they are good very cool selection very tasty cereal will probably order again for this winter to serve on cold mornings
this goods very good, it is very useful, i very love it, cheap and great, it good for me, thanks.
Assortment of instant oatmeal just add hot water and its done. Great for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a snack at home or work.
love this buy bought several times already and would purchase again.fast and easy to make and good selection of choices.
This product was purchased for the local BACKPACK program which provides weekend food stuff for disadvantaged children. Unfortunately there are over 100 eligible children and this purchase doesn't even handle one weekend.
I never really was a oatmeal lover when I was younger. I tried a package from the store, loved it. Bought me this box from amazon and love all the different flavors.
love the oats as it comes with different flavours in the box. daily add two different flavours in milk to have my breakfast.
Everything is great. Just wished they had additional plain so I can mix one regular and 1 sweetened because it's a little too sweet per packet. I didn't see a low sugar instant oatmeal.
I love all of the flavored oatmeal. I wish it didn't come with the plain flavor. Exactly what I expected.
My coworkers are addicted to this oatmeal variety pack. We always have a supply in the office to help people power through a busy morning or afternoon. The packets are pretty small (just like they are if you buy a smaller box at the grocery store) but you can just use more than one if needed. The only complaint I get is that there sometimes aren't enough plain packets, so we offset this by having an unflavored canister of oats to combine these with.
recommend this to others for a quick snack or breakfast and it tastes great anytime during the day if desired.
If you love oatmeal but don't have lots of time, this is for you. Its got a good amount of variety and it's good for you. ;-)
I really didn't find much savings, but I like the convenience of a larger package of Instant Oatmeal at hand. There are three of us in the house trying to eat healthier and I am sure that the variety of choices will help all of us.m
I am losing weight just using them as my replacement meal for breakfast. Its a value cause there so many of them for the price. I am still enjoying it. I will buy it again.
I have to order in bulk because my son eats oatmeal daily. Finally I found it online in this size. Super happy!
I'm 195 pounds and I oatmeal all the time as a filler meal. I have to eat two bags to make it filling enough to hold me over to my next meal.
SO convenient and quick! Add some fruit and have the best start you could ask for to your busy day. Great fiber, great taste, totally simple and easy to prepare. I especially like the Cinnamon and Spice but all these flavors are good.
breakfast food for like 3 months for less than 20 bucks. what really ? yup! and the flavors rock! !
I love the 52 pack variety box. It is a huge amount that lasts a couple of months. The price is right for the size and ease of home delivery.
A staple for breakfast this package offers plenty of variety to avoid getting sick of any one specific flavor. The packets are enough to get my day started but a few hours later I always have a Greek yogurt and a banana.
I love this product. I bought it as a breakfast to take to my office and get a rich oats in seconds
Great for a cold morning start. Sent them to my son in MI and he is really enjoying each flavor.
